[Music]
I'm here with family and today we're
gonna go explore shallowly into the
hutongs because it is very dark and we
cannot tell we could not see anything
over here so we're gonna feet on the
main streets and try to find the best
street trees in Beijing are you ready
first stop is peeking duck all right
I think familyies mouth was like just
like dripping with tulle so we're gonna
get something
they've prepared straight in the kitchen
over there yo yoo Jae Shin ji all my
money is gonna be gone today I came with
$200 30 is gone like you think about it
that's not too bad that's like a burger
alright so we just got it
it looks very juicy I'm gonna take the
first bite and then you can give the
second one okay
better than I thought I never wanted
oculus
[Music]
okay so we got this jiggly thing like
like you know like that when you eat a
crab there's like that yellow egg thingy
at the bottom yeah this is like that
brewed into soup but that's like a
delicacy in China so
look it jiggles okay
you gotta stab it like a bubble tea
okay yeah it's like soup
and how do you get the rest out I stab
it pick it up shove it in your mouth
haha there's not much to eat it's also
do you wanna try I think the Peking duck
was better so yeah this would be like a
six point nine that deserves a solid
three point five yeah we should keep
moving
[Music]
this is called the M key which is a cold
shin I don't know how to translate it
it's uh it's like a spicy semi spicy
flour thing this is a real traditional
they do put a lot of the food or the
traditional foods in China our flower
base because it's the cheapest and they
taste good but n is going but it's not
very nutritious me I will probably add
some chicken broth in here now I'm here
like ten times
solid like 4.20 clothespin everyone it's
good to answer probably not
all right I'll finish this
how is it I'm not as good as my
grandma's salty
so this is what it looks like why would
you rate this outset a 3.5
[Music]
[Applause]
no I got all right
this is matcha flavored rolled up ice
cream doesn't taste any different than
normal I shouldn't this one's not worth
it
two out of ten we're gonna have 30
contestants this is gonna be pretty
[Music]
[Applause]
all right duck intestines we got three
of them they wouldn't sell me a
like half but let's go over here with
some good lighting use a store lighting
duck intestines it's very small yeah
[Music]
it's a little bit of crunch to it car
like tofu but a bit more crunchy called
cumin
cumin do I know do one more to 132 okay
that's a wrap
[Music]